Is this the legendary Kunlun mirror?
Why is it so colorful?
I heard that the Kunlun treasure mirror can see all things in the three realms
Ah, what the hell is going on here?
Does this mirror not allow us to get close?
Ah!
aunt
This Kunlun mirror can hold everything in the world
That's celestial quality assurance
If a mortal approaches
I'm afraid he will spew blood to death immediately.
So scary
We have to stay away
Qin Shuang, you are actually free to come
Your Qin family is not bankrupt
Humph
My Qin family has profound heritage
Even bankruptcy
There are also experts behind me to support me
It is still easy to restore the position of Wendang River Axis Province
Zhang Shoucheng dared to curse me
I had to kill them.
Retreat
This longevity city
Smashed the purple gold red hat
I didn't eat the magic pill
Jing'er is still in a coma
Wait for Young Master Qin to clean him up
I will dedicate my ears to your mother
Mr. Zhang is not that kind of person
I don't want to be with Qin Yao either
He almost killed Jing'er
Are you
Do you want to be with that poor loser Zhang Shoucheng?
If I hadn't recovered the fox demon
Don't say Jing'er
Even Gemini can't wake up now
Mr. Zhang trespassing on the conference is a felony
You don't want to die
Hahahaha
Zhang Shoucheng
You stinky dick dare to come to this conference
Do you think it's the destruction of your own death?
You hurt me
I want you to pay with your life
I have the invitation in hand
Who dares to say that I am good at reaching the sky?
Humph
Fool me with a fake invitation
Do you really think I can't see it?